# Telegram-scams
Greetings! This project will look at popular types of fraud in telegram, and the code for these tools will also be posted here. P.S.: I am not responsible for the actions that you may take with these utilities, I post these files as experiments and observations.
Well, my nickname is Dr.Firewall and this is the first entry. Recently, I personally had to deal with telegram fraud, after which I decided to explore this topic and share it with you. Perhaps I'll start with the "demolition" of telegram accounts. Recently, scammers have begun to intimidate a lot of neutral people.
A popular method of threatening people, which forces them to pay for their own data, which in my opinion is absurd, is stealing someone's information. They operate in the following way: 1. Whether you're a child or an adult, they start contacting you through games and other resources. 2. They might invite you to Telegram with a tempting offer, for example, offering you money for nothing or in-game items. 3. Most likely, they'll ask you to write to them because this makes it easier for them to get your account registration data and account ID. 4. Then they use utilities and find out everything about you! And that's just the beginning. 5. While everything goes according to their script, they're polite, but if you veer away from the dialogue, they begin their intimidation. 6. Specifically, they send you your data, such as your email, which they definitely can't recognize, your last visited websites, etc. 7. They enter the threatening phase: you'll end up in the hospital, you'll be in trouble, or they'll use your cards for illegal activity, after which they say you'll go to jail. 8. The victim no longer cares about life's problems and enters a state of apathy, terrified. In this situation, they might commit suicide or do other terrible things. 9. They ask for a ransom for your data or for the existence of your Telegram account. That's it, I think I've explained it clearly. Tomorrow I'll post a sample code that I received after the scammer's threats, and I'll also explain how this code works. In the future, we'll look at other utilities that help scammers find your data and how to protect yourself.
